"# prog6221-part-2-ST10051670" "GITHUB REPO - https://github.com/VCDN-2024/prog6221-Final-ST10051670.git" "To run the code, visual studio must be downloaded. Download the source code files from the repository and extract them to a folder. 
Once extracted open visual studio and click "Open a local folder". Select the folder where you extracted the files to and it will open into the program. There after click on the program name on the right side under the file name and it will have a green "c" Icon next to it. 
Once opened, click the green triangular button at the top to run the program. Upon the first page you will be greeted by 2 options, Enter a recipe or view existing recipes. If you click enter a recipe, you would first need to enter the name of the recipe, if you leave it blank it will ask to enter a name, once done then click next step. You will then need to enter each ingredient individually such as the ingredient name, Quantity, unit of measurement, calories and food group it belongs to, once filled in click the add ingredient button to add the ingredient to the recipe. If you want to clear all of the input fields, you can click clear as well. Once added all ingredients, Click proceed. You will then need to enter each step one at a time, enter the first step then click next when done to add step 2 and repeat this process untill all the steps are added. When you are completed adding all the steps, click done. If you wish to see the recipes you entered, click on the view existing recipes button. The recipes you have enetered will show up in the middle block and to the right of that is to scale the recipe that you selected. If you want to search for a particular ingredient, food group or recipe by calories, enter the value in the edit box and click the button you want to search by. The details of each recipe is also displayn at th bottom along with the ingredients and quantity and the other relevant details which you added earlier.Finally under that it shows the amount of calories in the recipe and the steps at the bottom with a check box so you can mark it as you go.


CHANGES FROM PART 2
From part 2, there was quite a few changes that I had to implement into my POE. The first change i did was adding coloured backgrounds to all my pages on the windows created. This is now more user friendly and easier to navigate. The next was displaying the amount of calories for each ingredient in the recipe, As well as saying by how many calories is exceeding the 300 calorie mark when entering each ingredient. Another feature that was also pointed out to me was not using advanced features within my program.
